CURRICULUM VITAE


Mrs. Nivitha Ozwen Coelho						 
Flat No.504, C- Wing, Shree Krishna Heights
Dubey Baug Road, Hendra Pada, 
Badlapur (W), 421503
M: +91-9657802763/9657046563 
Email: Nithudsilva89@gmail.com 
           
Objectives

Looking for an exhilarating career with an organization of immense Repute, which demands the best of my professional ability in terms of excellent, analytical organizations and communicational skills, and helps me in broadening and enhancing my current skills and Knowledge.

                             
Professional Goal

Be a part of an organization wherein I would be able to work efficiently and diligently striving to achieve success in all my endeavors.


Academic Qualifications


2004-05	Secondary School Certificate (S.S.C)	Sarvodaya High School, Kallamundkur,Mangalore 	81%
2006-07	Higher Secondary Certificate (HSC)	Pompei Pre University Collecge, Aikala, Mangalore 
	91%

2009-10	Bachelor Of Commerce (Accounting &#x26;Finance)	Pompei College, Aikala, Mangalore	83%



Computer Knowledge

	Done a Basic Computer Course from Manipal Career Academy, which included Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and DTP.

	Done Tally Version 7.2 from Manipal Career Academy.


	Having the Knowledge of Adobe Acrobat Writer.




Professional Experience:



	Jacobs Engineering India Pvt Ltd                   10th Apr 2013 – till date 
Mumbai, India

Over Two years of experience in Jacobs Engineering India Pvt Limited with different roles in document control. During this tenure independently handled different work share projects as a document controller.


Designation       :       Document controller 
      
Reporting to      :       Head of the Dept. (MEG) 
 
Location	           :       Mumbai



    Responsibilities:-

	Working for Suncor Welpad Program (From November 2013 till date)  Responsible for the entire Engineering and Vendor document in JPI and coordination with Calgary office via Tele conference on weekly basis. Also worked on live link I.e. Suncor client server, which leads to direct co-ordination with Clients. Independent co-ordination with vendors in regards to their submissions. Regular follow-up with Expeditors &#x26; Disciplines. Responsible for Bulk &#x26; manual uploading of Vendor &#x26; engineering documents on client server. Regular filing of Vendor &#x26; Engineering Transmittals once it has been uploaded. Awarded with Certificate of Recognition as a hard worker, commitment &#x26; Achiever by Jacobs Calgary.


            
	Worked for CNRL Horizon (From April 2013 to October 2013)  Worked in JPI Vendor Documents &#x26; Engineering documents, over all documentation in JPI like preparing the VDRN, issuing the VDRN to the clients and the respected discipline, uploading commented copies in JPI and issuing transmittals to the respected discipline. Send the Documents for Printing as per the requirements and issue to Mumbai Group for their Comments, Scan and issue the Commented Documents through JPI to Clients for further Comments. Generate and maintain the record of issued Transmittals. Scan IFC and issue to Mumbai group and Client through JPI. Scan ISO’s and issue to Client through Server.







	Ion Exchange India LTD                           9th Jan 2013 To Mar 31st 2013
Mumbai, India


Ion Exchange India LTD, is one of India’s premier companies in water &#x26; environment management with more than 46 years of experience in serving myriad industries as diverse as power, refinery, food &#x26; beverage, automotive, pulp &#x26; paper, textile, pharmaceutical &#x26; electronics. Currently employ a highly skilled professionals complemented by cutting edge technology.


Designation       :        Document controller &#x26; Library maintainer
      
      Reporting to      :       Technology Manager
 
 Location	            :       Mumbai

Key Performance Objectives would include:


DCS Activities:

	Operating DCS system for maintaining the records of various drawings, datasheets &#x26; SMI
	Using the keywords for engineering documents for the easy identification of various projects documents for further reference
	Maintaining engineering document’s hard copies records by using DCS system
	Scanning and printing of Documents &#x26; Drawings 
	Segregating the engineering documents as per Drawing codes &#x26; Structure
	Co ordination with internal departments  
	Preparation of Weekly &#x26; Monthly Reports, to record the status of Engineering Documents


Library Activities :
 
	Maintaining &#x26; recording the various of books of Library in Library Software called SLIM2
	Making data entries of Conference summary &#x26; summary of Articles by using SLIM2
	Indexing &#x26; Filing activities of Library books
	Scanning &#x26; printing of Books, articles &#x26; Journals &#x26; Maintaining their softcopies for further reference 
	Maintaining Library register
	Segregating the bulk of articles, books &#x26; journals &#x26; filing them in proper manner
 





	Tecnimont ICB			 			July 2011 To Jan 2013
Mumbai, India

Tecnimont ICB is one of the leading Indian Engineering and Contracting company and an integral part of the Maire – Tecnimont Group (Italy) Offering to the process industries services from conceptual design to plant operation including supply of plants on lump sum Turn-key basis and offers services to the Oil and Gas, Refinery, Polymers, Petrochemical, Fertilizer, Chemical and other related sectors in India and elsewhere, from concept to Commissioning on Lump sum Turnkey basis / Services contracts both independently and in association with Tecnimont, Italy

Designation  	:	Document Controller (Assistant Officer)

Reporting to	:	Project Engineering Manager

Location		:	Mumbai 

Key Performance Objectives would include:

	Set up and maintain Projects Master Document Registers on Prescribed software.
	Support the Project Teams on all aspects of Document Control and Documentum, as required.
	Operating the EDMS &#x26; providing access of EDMS as required for new users on the project.
	Conduct periodic reviews of procedures to ensure validation dates are kept current and to notify document authors if revalidations are needed.
	Manage and Record the throughput of all Project Documentation from Internal Departments and Suppliers.
	Performing Standard Document Control Functions for Revision Controlled Documentation including Engineering, Vendor and Procedural Type Documentation.  
	Responsible to upload Incoming and Outgoing Documents of vendor.
	Compile Reports as required by the Project Teams.
	Organize Documentation for Hard Copies and Soft Copies etc.
	Work with Others to get Copying Completed as Required
	Maintain a knowledge of Document Control Software
	Communicate with Internal Departments to Ensure Documents are produced in a Timely Manner and Ensure Good Quality of Documents.



	  M/s Ajanata Pharma                                        Nov 2010 To July   2011
       Mumbai, India
          
             Worked with M/s Ajanta Pharm as a Admin assistance cum Receptionist

   

    Job Responsibilities: 


	Attending Calls.(Knowledge of EPBX board)
	Attending Visitors
	Maintaining Inward &#x26; outwards registers
	Maintaining the attendance register of Drivers
	Calculating monthly salary of  Drivers
	E-payments of electricity, telephone bills
	Maintaining inventory 
	Distribution of Stationery to Internal departments
	Making Arrangements for Conference meetings
	Issuing cheques for dealers




Personal Profile

Date of birth			: 5th October, 1989
Languages known		: English, Hindi, Kannada and Konkani
Hobbies			: Reading, music and Dancing.




I hereby declare that the above information is true and correct.

					                 
                                                                                   Yours sincerely

                                                                                   Mrs. Nivitha Ozwen Coelho
