RESUME

										
Name		
	Mahadeo Baban Valunj

Address			
	16-B, Saidham Society,
				       Sant Dnyaeshwar Nagar,
				       Wagle Eastate, Thane West.(400604)
				       Mobile no 9930771788,8108888626
				       Email Id :mahadeo1512@gmail.com
 Date of Birth			
	26th March 1976

Marital Status			
	Married

Languages Known	
	English, Marathi &#x26; Hindi

      To utilize my skill and potential to achive paramount hights and touch the sky with glory and to work for my employer and be a pattern-setter.Ever readyto undertake higher corporate responsibilities for the benefit of the organization.
Educational Qualification 	

Level of Education	Board / University	Class / Grade	Year of Passing
S.S.C.	 Pune Board	2nd Class	1993
Certificate in Teaching Examination	AEC Traning college &#x26; Center,Pachmarhi MP	1st Class	1999
Stores Management 	Univercity of Jabalpur	1st Class	2009
Graduation 	 Indian Army		2013


Other Qualification		
	 MS-CIT 	
	 MS-OFFICE	     

Additional Courses		
	 Industrial security administration basic fire fighting industrial           
                                                            Safety&#x26; First Aid to Injured.(Security Officer)
	Assistant security in-charge/security(General)Industrial security Event/Conferance security,National certificate in modular employable skill from government of india ministory of labour and employment.
	First aid training from Gurukrupa hospital thane.
	Unit Education Instructor  AEC Training college pachmarhi(M.P)
                                                             Barkatulla Vishwavidyalaya Bhopal
	Adventure course Artillery Center, Nashik.
	Quarter master duties(JCOs/NCOs) College of Material  Management Rani Durgavati Vishwavidyalaya University of Jabalpur.
	Wireless  Operator.	

ACHIEVEMENTS		    
	During the Army service involve Kargiel Operation in 1999 and achieve                              op Vijay medal ,op Rakshak and op Parakram medal.



AREAS OF EXPERTIES:

	Optimal rationalisation,marshalling and utilization of organization resourses.
	Prime importance to professional ,Organisation commitments.
                                                      Result oriented approch &#x26; possitive attitude.
	Work as faculty manager in officers Mess, JCOs Mess,Canteen stores deport at Artillery center Hydrabad &#x26; unit.   
	Supervising and Administrative controll of class A establishment at Artillery center Hydrabad .

STRENGTH:	
	High adaptability and desire for enhancement of knowledge.
	Ability to impart the knowledge and skill to subordinates.Highly  disciplined,dedicated and punctual.
	Communication and interpersonal skill.
	Honesty,commitment,intergrity and loyalty.
					 
				                                             
						
 Work Experience		:    Dec 1995 to May 2013 Indian Army -Retiring Rank -Havaldar                                           
                                                    Regiment of Artillery. 


Roles and Responsibilities    
	  Assist in implementation of Artillery in combat non combat activities.
	  Ensure protection of mechanism store,weapons and ammunition.
	  Canteen Store Department NCO.
	  BQMH/JQM/MES NCO/ Duty in unit.
	  Officers Mess NCO
	  Signal Store NCO
	  Unit Education Instructor Artillery Center Hyderabad.


Store Executive                    
	 Assist in preservation of Artillery Stores, Weapons,animations and  
                                                             radio equipment.
	 Ensure proper maintenance of records for inward and outward
                                                             movement of material.
	 Ensure proper maintenance of the Equipment using regular cleaning 
                                                             and maintenance scheduled.
	 Ensure effective planning for replenishment of equipment  that  outlive
  its usable lifespan.
                                                                     

		    
Current Company
                                       M/S. Deepak Fertilisers &#x26; Petrochemicals Corporation Limited, Taloja
Position
	 Security Officer.

Role and Responsibilities    
	Maintain in out register of vehicle As well as Contract worke
	Taken independent charge of  company&#x27;s main gate and material gat
	Gone throue all security/transport related as per Integrated operating                                     system and follow-up as per that.
	Communicates gets along with co-workers and managements and deals        with others and professionally even under pressure .
	Maintain all ISO documents.
	Making surprise visit around the plant for security purpose.
	Taking follow-up with house keeping and garden stafff for maintaining general housekeeping and garden up to date.
	Courier,caffitre,hired vehicle record,employee bus records and bill   checked for final billing.
	Checking all documents of driver,vehicle and bodyguard as per A.N. Rule.
	Physical inspection of vehicle.
	 Monitoring in mock drill practice
				

Date	 :-

                                                                                                           Yours Faithfully 

Place	 :-								(Mr.Mahadeo Baban Valunj)
